Project Gutenberg's Harper's Young People, May 23, 1882, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll
have to check the laws of the country where you are located before using
this ebook.



Title: Harper's Young People, May 23, 1882
       An Illustrated Weekly

Author: Various

Release Date: September 11, 2018 [EBook #57887]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, MAY ***




Produced by Annie R. McGuire








[Illustration: HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE]

       *       *       *       *       *

VOL. III.--NO. 134. PUBLISHED BY HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW YORK. PRICE FOUR
CENTS.

Tuesday, May 23, 1882. Copyright, 1882, by HARPER & BROTHERS. $1.50 per
Year, in Advance.

       *       *       *       *       *




[Illustration: UNCLE DANIEL RECEIVING HIS GUESTS.]

MR. STUBBS'S BROTHER.[1]

[1] Begun in No. 127, HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE.

BY JAMES OTIS,

AUTHOR OF "TOBY TYLER," "TIM AND TIP," ETC.

CHAPTER VIII.

THE DINNER PARTY.


But the time was passing rapidly, and as there were many persons outside
waiting for an opportunity to pay their money to see the various
attractions of the show, Mrs. Treat gave the signal for the
snake-charmer to begin. The entertainment, the skeleton explained, was
given as a mark of respect to their friend Toby Tyler.

This private exhibition lasted about fifteen minutes; and when, at its
close, the doors were thrown open to the public, the boys were not at
all anxious to leave.

"Let them stay as long as they want to, Toby," said the skeleton,
indulgently.

The boys were only too glad to avail themselves of this permission, and
Toby said to Abner:

"I want to see if I can find Ella, an' you stay here till I come back."

"I'll keep him right here by me," said Mrs. Treat, "and he'll he safe
enough."

Remembering how she had served Job Lord, Toby had no fears for the
safety of his friend. He went at once, therefore, to deliver the
invitation to the last of Aunt Olive's expected guests.

When, after some little time, Toby returned, the boys had satisfied
their curiosity so far as the side show was concerned, and all except
Abner had left the tent.

That Toby had found Ella was evident, as that young lady herself skipped
along by his side in the greatest possible delight at having met her
former riding companion; and that she had accepted his invitation to
dinner was shown by the scrupulous care with which she was dressed.

"It's time to go up to Uncle Dan'l's," Toby whispered to Mrs. Treat,
"an' Ben's harnessin' the hosses into your wagon, so you won't have to
go to the trouble of puttin' on your other clothes."

"I don't know as we ought to go up there in this rig," said Mrs. Treat,
doubtfully, as she looked down at her "show dress," made to display her
arms and neck to the greatest advantage, and then at her husband's
costume, which was as scanty as his body. "I wanted to dress up when we
went there, but I don't see how I'll get the chance to do it."

"I wouldn't bother, 'cause Uncle Dan'l will like you jest as well that
way, an' it will take you too long," said Toby, impatiently.

The skeleton, on being consulted as to the matter, decided to do as Toby
wished, because by adopting that course they would the sooner get the
dinner about which he had been thinking ever since he had received the
invitation.

But while Mrs. Treat was ready to believe that her costume might be
reasonably fit to wear to a dinner party, she was certain that something
more than tights and a pair of short red velvet trousers was necessary
for her husband.

Mr. Treat tried to argue with his much larger half, insisting that Uncle
Daniel would understand the matter; but his wife insisted so strongly,
and with such determination to have her own way, that he compromised by
adding to his scanty wardrobe a black frock-coat and a tall silk hat,
which gave him a rather more comical than distinguished appearance.

The audience were dismissed as soon as possible; Abner was helped into
the wagon, perfectly delighted at being allowed to ride in a circus van,
and the party started for Uncle Daniel's.

Toby sat on the box with Ben, to show him the way; and when the gaudily
painted cart stopped in front of the farm-house, it was much as if a
peacock had suddenly alighted amid a flock of demure hens.

Uncle Daniel was out in the yard to receive his strangely assorted
guests, and the greeting they received from both him and Aunt Olive was
as hearty as if they had been old acquaintances.

There was a look of calm satisfaction on the skeleton's face as the odor
of roast lamb mingled itself with Uncle Daniel's welcome when he
descended from the wagon; and as the company were ushered into the
"fore-room," the air of which was pungent with the odors of herbs used
to keep the moths from carpet and furniture, a restful feeling came over
them such as only those whose lives are dreary rounds of travelling can
feel.

Uncle Daniel insisted on taking care of the horses himself, for his idea
of the duties of host would not allow that Ben should help him, and
almost as soon as he had finished this work dinner was ready.

When all the guests were at the table, and Uncle Daniel bowed his head
to invoke a blessing on those who had befriended the fatherless, the
look of general discomfort old Ben had worn from the time he reached the
house passed away, and in its place came the peaceful look Toby had seen
on Sundays after the old driver had come from church.

It seemed to Toby that he had never really known Uncle Daniel before, so
jolly was he in his efforts to entertain his guests; and the manner in
which he portioned out the food, keeping the plates well filled all the
time, was in the highest degree pleasing to Mr. Treat.

Of course very much was said about the time when Toby was an unwilling
member of the circus, and Mrs. Treat and Ben told of the boy's
experiences in a way that brought many a blush to his cheeks. Mr. Treat
was too busy with Aunt Olive's lamb, as he affectionately spoke of it,
to be able to say anything. He was also wonderfully fortunate in not
choking himself but once, and that was such a trifling matter that it
was all over in a moment.

Old Ben told Toby that night, however, that Treat would not have got on
so well if his wife had not trodden on his toes frequently, as a hint to
eat more slowly.

Although Abner had spent several hours in the side show, it seemed as if
he would never tire of gazing at Mrs. Treat's enormous frame, and so
intently did he look at her that he missed a good chance of getting a
second piece of custard pie, though Toby nudged him several times to
intimate that he could have more as well as not.

Ben told a number of stories of circus life; Mrs. Treat related some of
her experiences in trying to prevent her husband from eating too fast;
Ella told Aunt Olive of the home she and her mother lived in during
winter; and the hour which had been devoted to this visit passed so
pleasantly that every one was sorry when it was ended.

"You've got a trim little farm here," said Ben to Uncle Daniel, when the
two went out to harness the horses; "an' I reckon that a man who has got
land enough to support him is fixed jest about as well as he can be. I
don't know of anything I'd rather be than a farmer, if I could only get
away from circus life."

"Whenever you want to leave that business," said Uncle Daniel, solemnly
and earnestly, "you come right here, and I'll show you the chance to
become a farmer."

"I'd like to," said Ben, with a sigh of regret that the matter seemed so
impossible; "but I've been with a circus now, man an' boy, goin' on
forty-one years, an' I s'pose I shall always be with one."

Then he changed the conversation, making an arrangement with Uncle
Daniel, for pasturing the ponies that were to be left behind, and by the
time the bargain was completed the horses were at the door.

While Uncle Daniel and old Ben had been at the stables, Mr. Treat had
been showing his liberality by giving Aunt Olive tickets for the side
show and circus, and inducing her to promise that she and Uncle Daniel
would see both shows. He had also given Toby fully a dozen circus
tickets for distribution among his friends; and then, as Uncle Daniel
entered, he said:

"I wish to express thanks--both for myself and my wife Lilly--for the
very kind manner in which you have entertained us to-day."

Before he could say anything more, the others came to say good-by, and
he was disappointed again. Aunt Olive kissed Ella several times, while
the parting with the others was almost as between old friends. Then the
guests started for the tent again, more than satisfied with their visit.

"Now, Toby, you look me up jest after the show is out this afternoon,
an' we'll fix it so's you shall have a chance to talk with Mr. Stubbs's
brother," said Ben, as they were driving along.

As a matter of course Toby promised to be there, and to bring Abner with
him.

"You said that little cripple had to live at the poor-farm, didn't you?"
asked Ben, after quite a long pause.

"Yes, an' it's cause he hain't got no father or mother, nor no Uncle
Dan'l like I've got," said Toby, sadly.

"Hain't he got any relations anywhere?"

"No; Uncle Dan'l said he didn't have a soul that he could go to."

"It must be kinder hard for him to live there alone, an' I don't s'pose
he'll ever be able to walk."

Toby was not at all certain whether or not Abner could ever be cured;
but he told the old driver what he knew of the lonely life the boy led.
Ben did not appear to hear what was said, for he was in one of his deep
studies, and seemed unconscious of everything except the fact that his
horses were going in the proper direction.

"I'll tell you what I'll do, Toby," he said, after remaining silent
until they were nearly at the tent. "I hain't got a child or a chick in
the world, an' I'll take care of that boy."

Toby looked up in surprise, as he repeated, in a puzzled way,

"You'll take care of him?"

"I don't mean that I'll take hold an' tote him round, but he shall have
as much as he needs out of every dollar I get. I'll see your uncle
Dan'l, an' fix it somehow so he'll be taken out of the poor-house."

"Why, Ben, how good you are!" and Toby looked up at his friend with
sincere admiration imprinted on his face.

"It hain't 'cause I'm good, my lad; but if I didn't help that poor
fellow in some way, I'd see them big eyes an' that pale face of hisn
every night I rode on this box alone; so you see I only do it for the
sake of havin' peace," said Ben, with a forced laugh; and then he
stopped the horses at the rear of Mr. Treat's tent. "Now you jump down,
Toby, so's to see the skeleton don't break himself all to pieces gettin'
out, for I'm kinder 'fraid he will some day. I'd rather drive a hundred
monkeys than one sich slim man as him."

Then Ben had a fit of internal laughter, caused by his own remark, and
Uncle Daniel's guests were ready to resume their duties at the circus.

[TO BE CONTINUED.]




SOME DIAMOND STORIES.

BY ELLA RODMAN CHURCH.


Every one knows that the diamond is the hardest and most valuable of all
precious stones; but every one does not know why it is always said to
weigh so many _carats_. The _kirut_ is a small Indian seed, used in
India for weighing diamonds, and it weighs itself about four grains, so
that six carats are equal to a pennyweight.

The diamond mines of Golconda have been known all over the world for
hundreds of years; and the largest stone ever found in them is the
famous Koh-i-noor, or Mountain of Light, so called from its great size
and brilliancy, for it weighed _nine hundred carats_. A Venetian
diamond-cutter chipped away at it as though he had been sharpening a
pencil, because it was not even in shape--the idiot!--until he left only
two hundred and eighty carats of it. After being worn, it is said, for
thousands of years, by the monarchs of India, it came into the
possession of Queen Victoria; and it was again cut and polished, at an
expense of about forty thousand dollars. There are only one hundred and
twenty-three carats left of it now, but it is said to be worth seven
hundred thousand dollars.

A great many stories are told about this wonderful diamond; and if it
could only write its own history, the account would certainly be worth
reading. It belonged to many different princes of India, one of whom
would often take it by cheating, and even murder, from another; and this
happened among the rest:

"The King of Lahore having heard that the King of Cabool possessed a
diamond that had belonged to the Great Mogul, the largest and purest
known, he invited the fortunate owner to his court; and there, having
him in his power, demanded the diamond. The guest, however, had provided
himself against such a contingency with a perfect imitation of the
coveted jewel. After some show of resistance, he reluctantly acceded to
the wishes of his powerful host. The delight of Runjeet was extreme, but
of short duration, the lapidary to whom he gave orders to mount his new
acquisition pronouncing it to be merely a bit of crystal. The
mortification and rage of the despot were unbounded. He immediately
caused the palace of the King of Cabool to be invested and ransacked
from top to bottom. But for a long while all search was vain; at last a
slave betrayed the secret--the diamond was found concealed beneath a
heap of ashes."

The largest diamond now to be seen in the world belongs to a Rajah of
Borneo, and weighs three hundred and sixty-seven carats. It is shaped
like an egg, and is very pure and beautiful. For this three ounces of
diamond the owner once refused to take in exchange two large war vessels
completely equipped, and one hundred and fifty thousand dollars in
money!

The next largest is the Orloff, or Grand Russian, of one hundred and
ninety-three carats, which also has quite a history. It belonged first
to the Great Mogul, and then to Nadir, the Shah of Persia, who was
assassinated in 1747. At his death the great diamond disappeared, and no
one could tell what had become of it, until many years afterward it was
offered for sale in the city of Amsterdam. No one there could afford
such an expensive ornament, which was fit only for royalty, and the
English and Russian governments both tried to get possession of it. The
Empress Catherine came off conqueror, her agent, Count Orloff, paying
for it four hundred and fifty thousand rubles in cash, and a grant of
Russian nobility. This diamond, although not perfect in shape, is of
wonderful clearness and lustre, and as large as a pigeon's egg.

A Frenchman named Tavernier visited the mines of Golconda as long ago as
1677, and was much interested in watching the finding and sale of
diamonds. The laborers who search for them have to be closely watched,
as they will secrete valuable ones in the most ingenious ways, even
swallowing them, and one miner hid a stone of two carats in the corner
of his eye.

This traveller describes a group of boy traders who assembled every
morning under a large tree in the middle of a village near the mines to
wait for people with diamonds to sell. The boys were from ten to sixteen
years old, and each one had his diamond weight in a bag on one side of
his girdle, and a purse with considerable money in it on the other. When
a diamond is offered, it is handed to the eldest boy, who examines it
carefully, and passes it to his neighbor, who does the same, and hands
it to the next, and so on through the group. It then returns to the head
of the little band, who makes the bargain for it. If the others think he
has given too much for it, he has to keep the stone on his own account.

In the evening the diamonds bought during the day are classed according
to their size and purity, and the prices affixed which they are thought
to be worth; the children return with them to their masters, and receive
a good share of the profits, the head boy getting one-fourth more than
the others.




[Illustration: SOMEBODY IS COMING.]




THE MOUNTAIN DWARF.

BY ANNIE L. BELCHER.


You all know the old proverb, "Those who live in glass houses should not
throw stones"? Well, I am going to tell you a story about it.

Years ago there stood a beautiful castle on the summit of a mountain. It
had many towers and many wings, and was built entirely of glass. It
stood in the midst of a garden brilliant with unknown flowers, and
filled with trees weighted down with strange delicious fruits.

People from various parts of the world came to see this wonderful
garden, with its glass palace, and strange birds and fruits and flowers;
and not the least strange part about it was its master, christened, by
order of the Mountain King, the Mountain Dwarf. He was an odd, grotesque
little creature, with thin, crooked legs, and a sharp shrewd face set in
a mass of yellow hair. He wore costly satins and velvets, and all his
garments were trimmed with wee silver bells that kept up a perpetual
jingling that seemed impertinently to assert their master's supremacy
over all the world. It pleased this curious little man to build himself
a glass castle. He liked that men should watch him dine from golden
plates, and drink rare wine from diamond goblets. Admiration was to him
the breath of life, and he was most happy when his neighbors were most
envious. He laughed aloud when strangers, toiling up the hill, were
forced to shield their eyes from the dazzling glare of the sun shining
on his palace.

Half-way between the summit of this mountain and the pretty village at
its foot stood a miner's settlement--a pitiful collection of log-huts so
rudely put together that they kept out neither snow nor rain. In these
huts lived the families of the men who toiled night and day in the mine
underneath the hill. It was these half-starved, hard-worked men that
made the money that enabled the Mountain Dwarf to live like a Mountain
King. But little thought he of the poor wretches underneath his feet,
save that their settlement was an eyesore, and must be destroyed. He
denied their right to homes and families. Those uneducated machines,
men! They were lower than the brutes, and but fit to live in mines. He
had no thought of helping them to a higher life; he only wished to push
them lower.

Every evening after sunset the Mountain Dwarf would wrap himself in his
sable cloak, and walk down to the miners' homes, followed by a retinue
of servants. At the first sound of the tinkling bells, women and
children would rush from the huts and hide themselves in the forest.

One night he stood alternately gazing on the wretched hovels beside him
and the castle on the hill. As he looked, his rage escaped all bounds.

"Down with that rubbish!" he shrieked, pointing to the settlement. "They
have disgraced me enough. Strangers have to pass this to see my palace.
Down with these huts!"

"But the miners and their wives and children!" ventured the boldest of
the servants.

The Mountain Dwarf looked at the man with his small cruel eyes. "Ha!
ha!" he yelled. "You dare defend them. Good! We will send you to the
mines and work you hard. Now let every man take a stone and let him aim
it well."

All the servants trembled, and the poor fellow who had pleaded for the
miners fell on his knees with loud sobs. But not one man stooped to
raise a stone.

"What!" thundered the Dwarf. "You dare defy me! Then I'll stone them
down myself. Their ugly huts have stood in sight of my castle long
enough."

With fiendish glee he danced from hut to hut, hurling stones that giants
could barely move as though they were but pebbles, until not one log was
left upon another. Then he clapped his hands and snapped his fingers in
the air, and led the servants home. The Mountain Dwarf was in an ecstasy
of delight, and roared with laughter, when the women and children crept
timidly from the woods and sobbed over their ruined homes.

When the moon was at its full, and the castle lay shimmering in its
yellow light with the pale soft tints of an opal, a long still line of
men crept up the hill and through the beautiful gardens, close up to the
castle walls. Their faces were fierce yet quiet, as though some great
purpose was controlling their actions, and behind them some little
distance came the women and children that had wept over the fallen
settlement. They could see the Mountain Dwarf on his silver bed with its
silken draperies, and even in sleep his lips wore the sneering smile of
triumph they had worn a few hours earlier. The men looked from the bed
to the stones in their hands, and then at one another.

"It is time," said a low voice, and every right arm stretched itself up
and backward and flung a stone. There was a terrible crash.

"Again!" said the same low voice, and again with military precision the
right hands went up and back, and the stones flew, and again came that
terrible crash.

The Mountain Dwarf, stunned and bruised and bleeding, raised himself in
his bed.

"Who is it?" he moaned feebly.

"The miners," came back in a terrible shout.

"Ah me!" he gasped. "Those who live in glass houses should not throw
stones." They were his last words, and they have grown into a proverb.




"PETER."

BY EDWARD I. STEVENSON.


American boys and girls whose delight in looking at Jumbo and his
celebrated legs may have been clouded by remembering how many of the
little English cousins across the sea were lamenting the tall old
elephant's absence will be glad to know that a new pet has already been
found to take Jumbo's place.

[Illustration: PETER, THE BABOON, AT THE "ZOO."]

They are flocking by hundreds daily to the Zoological Gardens, where
once Jumbo reigned and carried them trumpeting upon his broad back, to
be introduced to Peter--a splendid specimen of the "Chacma" baboon,
whose sparkling countenance and symmetrical shape our artist has here
pictured for the benefit of the readers of the YOUNG PEOPLE.

Peter came originally from South Africa on a war ship with his master, a
British officer, who lately turned his monkeyship over to the "Zoo." It
is disagreeable to state that his owner did so to get rid of him--he was
fast growing too mischievous to be endured on shipboard. I fear Peter
is, in truth, no model for the other monkeys in the Gardens. He steals;
he bites; he loves to tear up anything he can once fasten his fingers
upon. All this is very sad to learn. Possibly Mr. Barnum will see that
he ought to be taught to be a good and happy monkey, and feel bound to
buy him for America next year. Travel is so improving to the manners.

Peter has recently had a curious experience. Did any of you ever hear of
a monkey who had the toothache, and who took chloroform to get rid of
it? Such was Peter's fortune. Day after day the poor fellow sat in one
corner of his roomy cage holding his paw close to his cheek. His
friends, the children with their mothers and fathers and nurses, stood
around pitying him and longing to help him, but in vain.

Peter's jaw began to swell terribly. At length his sufferings came to
the point where his keepers said that the cause of all his woe, an
aching molar tooth, must be drawn, or the poor fellow would die, for he
refused to eat, and seemed to become each day weaker and more dejected.
Suddenly a London gentleman, Mr. Hammond, came to the conclusion that he
could extract the ailing tooth and save the pet's life.

Peter's illness had made him exceedingly afraid of any strangers--quite
as cross, in fact, as a good many of my small readers are when they have
the toothache. Mr. Hammond and his assistants, however, entered the cage
and politely presented Peter with a nice linen handkerchief well soaked
in chloroform.

Peter warily took it, examined it attentively, and presently
proceeded--not to smell of it at all, but to calmly lick off all the
chloroform with much pleasure. Chloroform must be smelled to best take
effect, not swallowed. The handkerchief was prepared again, and again
offered. A second time did the red tongue make its appearance and spoil
Mr. Hammond's kind designs, and indeed for nearly half an hour did Peter
cunningly get the best of his friends by licking up the chloroform.

Finally, however, the liquid began to take effect upon him. Peter's
bright eyes grew dim, his head drooped. The handkerchief was held
tightly to his nose, and suddenly he tumbled over sound asleep, able to
undergo any operation without feeling it.

Now was the time for Mr. Hammond. The forceps (ugh!) were produced, and
after some quick but careful work the tooth was drawn from the
unconscious sleeper's jaw, safely, and without rousing him. By-and-by
its owner awoke. He seemed wonderfully relieved immediately, but also
somewhat dazed and puzzled to find out what had been done to him. At
length he settled down comfortably in a corner of his cage to think
about it, and recover his spirits. He was quite too proud to ask
questions. I doubt if he has discovered yet just what was done to him,
although with that broad forehead of his he must be a monkey with a good
deal of mind.

And really is he not a striking-looking stranger. Just notice his bold
glance and the dignified position, which at once show him to be a monkey
of great force of character, as well as easy manners. And how modest
and retiring too, to judge from the graceful way in which he has tucked
his handsome tail away in the straw.

Poor Peter, exiled from his hot South African jungles and woods, what
strange scenes he might describe could he only succeed in acquiring a
proper English accent!--of dense boundless forests, lashed into a sea of
waving boughs at night by hurricanes and tornadoes; of calm moonlight
evenings by blue lakes rippled with silver, where the lion comes down
like a great stealthy cat to drink and meet a friend for a hunting
excursion; and of Mrs. Peter (only that is not her married name), who
may be wondering all this time why her husband ran away and left her.
But there he is, safe in the great London Zoological Gardens, and there
he is likely to remain as long as he lives, unless, as I have already
suggested, Mr. Barnum buys him and brings him over to America.




THE CHILDREN'S JOURNEY.

A REMINISCENCE OF SOUTHERN AUSTRIA.

BY DAVID KER.


There are few stranger places in the world than the hilly region around
the head of the Gulf of Venice, and few stranger people than the Slovaks
who inhabit it. Almost within sight of busy, bustling, populous Trieste,
with its bristling masts, and crowded quays, and rattling carriages, and
smart modern hotels, you come suddenly upon a district dotted with
quaint little antique villages that seem to have been dropped by Santa
Claus out of his basket of toys--villages which might well have Rip Van
Winkle for chief magistrate, and the Seven Sleepers of Ephesus for
tenants.

Up here on these warm dreary hill-sides, far from the busy world below,
no one ever seems to be in a hurry, to get angry, or to excite himself
in any way. The heavy wagons that creep along the broad white dusty road
seem to go or not as they please, their "drivers" being usually fast
asleep inside them. These four or five sallow, bearded, low-browed
peasants in gray frocks and high boots, who are munching their black
bread and garlic in the shade of yonder tree, instead of chattering and
laughing like their Italian neighbors of the valley, are silent as
statues. This meek little church of crumbling stone was built before the
Turks entered Constantinople, and the language of its builders is spoken
here still.

So completely, indeed, does the whole of this strange region reproduce
what the world was centuries ago that I feel quite out of place as I
look out at it through the window of a modern railway car, and hear a
call for "tickets" in the midst of the enchanted ground. But even the
railway itself seems to have borrowed something of the character of its
surroundings. For a whole hour we zig-zag at a creeping pace up a
seemingly endless succession of terraced ridges crowned with dark clumps
of thicket. Suddenly two or three beautiful little patches of green
sunny vineyard peep out at us from between two huge black cliffs, down
one of which, like a fly walking on a wall, comes a sturdy peasant,
brown and shapely as a bronze statue, showing all his splendid teeth in
a grin of indulgent contempt at sight of the crawling train. The faint
tinkle of a bell makes me look up to see a herd of goats feeding high
above my head, while the next moment I catch sight of a little red-tiled
cottage tucked away in the cleft of a rock as if playing hide-and-seek.

At length our train struggles up to the summit of the mountain with a
shrill whistle of triumph. We thrust our heads out of the window to see
where we have got to, when, lo! right under our feet lie the clustering
white houses, and shining church domes, and countless masts, and bright
blue waters of Trieste which we left behind more than an hour ago, as if
bound by the same spell which kept poor Christoval tramping round and
round the church all night, thinking he was going straight home.

But at this point a new turn is given to my thoughts by the sudden
entrance of a group as picturesque as any painter could wish: three
children--a bright-eyed little fairy of eight, with cheeks as round and
rosy as the apple which she is eating, a sturdy boy of eleven, whose
sunburned face is browner than his flat leather cap, and a tall, slim,
golden-haired girl about a year older, taking charge of the other two in
a protecting, motherly way which is simply irresistible.

But the first glance shows me that their journey, whatever its object
may be, is one of no ordinary importance to themselves. All three have a
grave, preoccupied look, the elder girl especially. Instead of prattling
merrily, laughing, shouting, and pointing out passing objects to each
other, as children usually do on a railway journey, they sit close
together in a corner, and talk in whispers.

Even the grand scenery through which we pass, new as it evidently is to
them, seems quite unheeded. Frowning precipices; sombre pine woods;
black, tomb-like gorges; rock ledges just wide enough for the train
itself; over-hanging water-falls which go leaping and foaming from crag
to crag down a seemingly endless descent; queer little painted wooden
station-houses, placarded with regulations in Italian, German, and
Slovak; brawny peasant women, with their hard sallow faces framed in
scarlet kerchiefs, waving signal flags on the very verge of the
precipice--go by without remark.

The illustrated journal which I contrive to let fall as if by accident
on the seat nearest to them remains equally unnoticed for awhile. But at
length I see the younger girl's eyes beginning to turn that way.
Presently she slips off her seat, and sidles up to the tempting paper;
and then, having satisfied herself that I was not looking at her, she
seizes it in her plump little hands, and is soon deep in one of the
greatest enjoyments of childhood--"looking over a whole lot of
pictures."

But as we approach St. Peter's the other two children become visibly
restless and excited, looking constantly out of the window as if
watching for something which they are eager to see. Even the little
student of my paper, with whom I have struck up a conversation in
German, soon forsakes me to join the watch; and I hear the boy mutter
disconsolately:

"Why _don't_ the train go quicker? We shall never get there!"

Can they be bound on a picnic? think I; but they look far too grave and
troubled for that. Are they going home from school? but who would think
of living in a desolate place like this? I am still puzzling over the
riddle, when my little rosy-cheeked friend, after looking doubtfully at
me once or twice, as if uncertain whether to speak or not, startles me
with a very unexpected question:

"Please, when anybody grows blind, not from a blow or anything like
that, but just with something growing over their eyes, can they be made
well again?"

"Very often they can, when they have a good doctor; but why do you ask?"

And then the whole story comes out. Their father, a retired Austrian
officer, has become blind from cataract; and a famous German oculist, an
old friend of his, has taken him away to a country house among the hills
between St. Peter's and Adelsberg, in the hope of restoring his sight by
an operation.

"And it was to be done last night," says Theresa, the elder girl, "and
papa was to start home this morning. But we _couldn't_ wait until he
came, and he wouldn't be able to send us a message; so we got leave from
aunt to come and meet him ourselves, as she wasn't well enough to go
with us. He's sure to be at St. Peter's station, when we get there."

"And his eyes will be quite well again--I'm _sure_ they will!" cries
little Katrina, eagerly. "Dr. Ulrich is so clever, and he's cured so
many people, and papa's such a friend of his. I'm sure he'll cure him
too."

"I hope he will, indeed," says her brother, earnestly. "Poor papa! it's
so horrid to see a great strong man like him led about just like a baby,
and not able to read any stories, or watch his flowers coming up so
nicely, after taking all that trouble with them! I _will_ give a shout
if he's really cured."

"There's the station!" cried Theresa, almost throwing herself through
the window in her eagerness, "and there's a man standing on the platform
all by himself. Can that be papa?"

A whistle, a clank, a long creaking groan, and the train comes to a
stand-still. But almost before it has stopped, the door flies open, and
the next moment I see the children banging in a cluster upon a tall,
fine-looking man with a thick gray mustache, while three voices shout,
joyfully,

"Papa! papa! you _see_?"

"Yes, dears, I see, thank God!" says the old soldier, fervently; "and
when the doctor was going to begin, I laid your portraits beside my
chair, that they might be the first thing I saw."

There were not four happier people, I will answer for it, in all Austria
that day; and the remembrance of that meeting is still among the
brightest of my travelling recollections.




THE VICTIMS OF THE ARCTIC SEAS.

BY SHERWOOD RYSE.


On the evening of the 9th of May, thirty graduates of the school-ship
_St. Marys_, and one hundred of the present pupils, were gathered
together on the gun-deck of that vessel. Finely built, robust-looking
lads were these last, of the stuff that good sailors are made of; and as
they lounged in easy and careless attitudes upon and about the guns,
they made a picture that gave assurance that the rising generation of
our sailors will be no disgrace to those who have gone before them. It
was easy to see from the manner of the boys and their expectant looks
that they had been called together for no ordinary purpose. They had met
to do honor to a noble officer, who is among the latest and most
lamented victims of those dread arctic seas, the mysteries of which so
many gallant men have striven to solve.

During the years 1876, 1877, and 1878 Commander De Long had been
executive officer of the school-ship, and his memory was revered as the
memory of noble men always is. What wonder, then, that when the news, so
long expected, yet so lovingly dreaded, reached them, his former pupils
were anxious to do him such honor as their regard and affection
suggested?

And who was this noble Commander, and what were his services?

George Washington De Long entered the navy in the year 1865, when he was
twenty-one years old. In 1873 he was second in command on the _Juniata_,
a ship that accompanied the _Polaris_ arctic expedition, in which he
performed distinguished services. When, therefore, the liberality of a
private citizen fitted out another expedition for arctic exploration,
this young officer was chosen to take the command of the perilous
undertaking.

The _Jeannette_--a name that will never be forgotten while history
records the deeds of brave men--sailed from San Francisco on July 8,
1879, with a crew of thirty-three men all told. About the end of
September the party had really entered upon the dangers and difficulties
of arctic exploration. They were in the midst of great fields of ice,
which drifted with the varying winds and currents, so that, although the
ship was itself inactive, it was carried over great distances. On
November 10, daylight disappeared, and a long night--a night that was to
last for nearly three months--set in. In spite of their desolate
situation, the gallant crew kept up their spirits, engaging in
theatrical performances, and trying to brighten the gloom of an arctic
winter by their cheerfulness.

In January, however, the ship sprang a leak, and all hands were kept
busy at the pumps to keep the water down, and for eighteen months the
pumps never ceased working. At last, however, the fight could be kept up
no longer. On June 13, the _Jeannette_ sank, and the crew were left
encamped upon the ice, with no other hope of return than that which
their three boats afforded.

Thus left almost destitute, Commander De Long had no other course open
to him than to retreat. And what a gallant movement that was!

The three boats were two cutters and a whale-boat. The first, commanded
by De Long, was twenty feet in length, and carried fourteen persons; the
second, under Lieutenant Chipp, measured sixteen feet, and carried eight
persons, and the whale-boat, which was larger than either of the others,
being twenty-five feet long, was accompanied by eleven persons, under
command of Engineer Melville. But though they had the boats, the gallant
party could not launch them. They were in the midst of a sea, indeed,
but it was a sea of solid ice, and for weeks the boats did not touch
water, except for a short ferriage here and there where a break in the
ice left a narrow strip of open sea. The boats were placed upon rudely
built sleds, and for fifty-three weary days the resolute men dragged
them over the ice. Some days they would make a mile; on others scarcely
more than half that distance. Great hillocks of ice were to be
surmounted, and cracks to be crossed, nearly every one of these being so
wide that the sleds had to be let down into them and then hauled up on
the other side.

Nor were these the only hardships that the retreating band had to
encounter. The cold was intense, as may be imagined. Short rations and
their fearful labor had reduced the strength of the men, so that
one-quarter of the whole party had to be carried helpless on sleds,
while almost all were suffering either from frost-bite or from the
effect of the glare of the ice upon their eyes.

At last the retreating company reached comparatively open water. The
boats were launched, and the party set sail for what they hoped would be
a milder climate and a more hospitable shore.

Now, however, the perils by which they had been beset were increased.
The cold was still as great as that which they had previously
encountered, and it made itself more intensely felt now that the men
were confined within the limits of small boats, and deprived of the
active exercise which alone had kept the warmth in their bodies. The
food supply was running so short that but scanty fare could be allowed,
and the danger of drowning was added to that of perishing by cold and
hunger.

For a few days all went fairly well, but during a gale that arose in the
night the boats became separated, and in the morning the company on
board the whale-boat scanned the dreary waters in vain for the sails of
the boats manned by the crews of Commander De Long and Lieutenant Chipp.
Engineer Melville's boat touched land on the delta of the Lena--a river
which, flowing northward through Siberia, discharges itself into the
arctic seas. Here the boat's crew met with hospitable treatment by the
natives of those bleak and barren shores, and were all saved.

Not so, however, the occupants of the two cutters. Lieutenant Chipp's
boat has not since been heard of. It was a smaller boat than either of
the others, and though commanded by a young officer who enjoyed in an
unusual degree the confidence and love of his men, it is not probable
that he was able to bring his crew to a place of safety, even though he
succeeded in making the land.

[Illustration: THE BOYS OF THE "ST. MARYS" LISTENING TO THE STORY OF
THEIR OLD COMMANDER'S DEATH.]

The sad story of the fate of De Long and his companions was told several
months later by two seamen, named Noros and Ninderman, both of whom had
served on board the _St. Marys_ school-ship.

On September 13, Captain De Long's boat, although its mast had been
carried away, got within two miles of the Siberian coast, when it struck
ground, and the Captain ordered the men to get into the water so as to
lighten the load, and tow the boat ashore. Only half of the distance,
however, had been traversed when it was found to be impossible to bring
the boat nearer, and so they collected the food, arms, ammunition, and
papers, and waded ashore.

Having rested for two days, the party started southward, each man
carrying heavy burdens, though all but the most important articles had
been abandoned. In the first ten days' march the travellers made no more
than twenty miles, so difficult was the country; but during those days
they enjoyed the luxury of a meal of deer's flesh, which, but for the
crippled condition of several of the men, would have put new life into
the whole party.

Then Captain De Long determined to send Ninderman and Noros ahead, for
they were in better condition than any others of the party, and when
they left on their perilous mission they bade a sad farewell to a
gallant yet almost hopeless band of men, whom no one ever saw again
until, nearly six months later, Mr. Melville found their dead bodies.

"The Captain," says Noros, "read divine service before we left. All the
men shook hands with us, and Collins, as if knowing that their doom was
sealed, said, simply, 'Noros, when you get to New York, remember me.'
They seemed to have lost hope, but as we left, they gave us three
cheers. That was the last we saw of them."

Wholly without food, for the supply they had saved from the boat was
exhausted, and the fresh meat which had been procured was soon consumed,
the two brave seamen pushed on. They supported life by chewing their
leather moccasins and breeches, and after a few days they came upon two
deserted huts, in which they found some mouldy fish, which they ate with
relish. Here in these huts they rested for three days, when a native
found them; but they were unable to make him understand that they had
left eleven starving comrades behind.

At length the Governor of the Province, who lived at a town called
Bulun, arrived, but he did not understand their sign-language, and so he
sent no aid. He cared for the two seamen, however, and sent them to
Bulun, and there it was that they fell in with Engineer Melville, whose
boat's crew were by this time in safety. Melville at once started out in
search of the ill-fated crew, and the result of his search was told
briefly in a dispatch, dated March 24, and received in New York on May
6: "I have found De Long and his party: all dead."

Thus ends the first chapter of this melancholy story of arctic peril.
The last chapter may never be told, and the fate of Lieutenant Chipp and
his crew never revealed.

The names of De Long and his brave associates will live in history, and
generations of sailors will be incited by the memorial tablet which is
to be erected on board the _St. Marys_ school-ship to follow in the path
that these gallant men followed to their death; for that path, though
stern and rugged, was the path of duty.




[Illustration: "IN A THOUSAND TERRORS."--FROM THE PAINTING BY L.
KNAUS.]




APPLE BLOSSOMS.

BY MARY D. BRINE.


  Out in the orchard dwell wee little fairies,
    Busy with bud and with blossom at last.
  See how they work with their palettes and brushes,
    Tinting the apple-trees brightly and fast.

  Pink and white blossoms, so dainty and fragrant,
    Laden with promise of good things to come,
  Softly the breezes are stealing their perfume,
    While o'er their beauty the busy bees hum.

  Fair are the treasures which come with the spring-time,
    Fields full of daisies, and grasses so green,
  Sweet are the zephyrs from rose gardens blowing,
    Lovely the earth in the sun's golden sheen.

  But out in the orchard amid the white blossoms,
    The pink and white blossoms that garland the trees,
  We find the best charm of the beautiful spring-time,
    And welcome the touch of the sweet-scented breeze.




THE BOYS' TEA PARTY.

BY S. C. MORRISON.


When ten boys and girls live in one house, they can have a great deal of
fun. This was the case at Mr. Stanley's, where there were six girls and
four boys; only the boys sometimes felt a little injured that the girls
should have the majority.

But next door, at Mr. Fleming's, there were seven boys and only one
girl; so when the Stanley boys wanted a refuge from feminine oppression,
they had only to climb the fence, and join forces with the Flemings, and
at once they had a majority in their favor.

Not that they had any real cause of complaint. Everything that could
make them comfortable and happy was provided for them by their father
and Aunt Sue. Aunt Sue!--that name suggests their grievances. For two
years before Aunt Sue came to take charge of the Stanley boys and girls
they had had a housekeeper who let them do pretty much as they pleased.
She allowed them to eat pies, puddings, cakes, and sweetmeats until they
cared for nothing else.

Aunt Sue instituted a new state of affairs. They must learn to eat
vegetables for the sake of their health.

Now don't suppose that they never had cake, or that Aunt Sue was at all
unreasonable. But when boys make no distinction between cake and bread
except to give the former the preference, it is difficult to fill their
orders.

It is remarkable how boys always know when cake-baking is going on. They
seem to scent it in the air. At first Aunt Sue tried to escape by
springing baking day at odd times. But it was no use. One or other of
them was sure to happen in, and then in some miraculous way the other
boys would come trooping in like the Northern barbarians at a Roman
harvest-time.

Then Aunt Sue tried a new plan. Wednesdays and Saturdays were announced
as regular baking days, and each boy was to be entitled on the spot to
one cake out of every pan of ginger-snaps or other small cakes that were
baked. Four cakes to a panful was no light tax to levy, but the boys
were rigorously exacting, and woe to the boy who failed to be present;
His cake was confiscated, immediately, and gobbled up by the reigning
powers, after the manner of the partition of Poland.

When a soft cake was to be cut at table it was an understood thing that
those rapacious boys should have the "corner pieces." The only wonder
was that no amount of cake ever seemed to make these boys sick. The fact
was so amazing that Aunt Sue pronounced it "just miraculous."

It so happened that during the spring, just about house-cleaning time,
the boys had been two weeks without cake. They had been out one day
playing base-ball, and were coming home to supper cold and hungry. They
discussed the afternoon's fun until there seemed nothing more to say
about it, and after a little silence one of them revealed the subject of
his thoughts by the grumbling remark:

"I hope Aunt Sue will manage to have some cake for supper. It is an age
since we had any."

"She is getting awfully stingy with it, anyhow," said Bob. "The piece I
had last night was hardly big enough to taste."

"I never get more than a taste except at Christmas," said John.

"See here, boys," cried Tom Fleming, "I have thought of something. Let's
have a party, and bake the cake ourselves."

This brilliant idea was so new as to be somewhat startling; but after
the first shock was over, most of them entered into the plan eagerly.

The older boys were dubious. "How can we? Aunt Sue would never consent,
and your mother never lets us come near the kitchen."

"Have it in my room," said Tom, hospitably, "and keep dark about it."

That seemed feasible; for his out-of-the-way room in the top story had
often been the scene of their revels.

"But the cooking?"

"I will make a fire in the fire-place. I have often done a little in the
cooking line there; made bullets, and boiled paste, you know."

It was then arranged that the Flemings, being hosts, should provide
fuel, lights, and utensils; and the Stanleys, who were posted in pastry,
should provide materials for the cake.

"All right," said Tom. "We will do our share. But if we engage to get
the milk and eggs, don't you think you fellows might scare up the flour
and molasses?"

The Stanleys thought they could; and the time was set for the next night
but one, to allow ample time for preparation.

"I tell you what, Dick," said Bob, suddenly sitting up in bed that
night, "if I could only get a chance to speak to the milkman, I could
order an extra lot of milk."

"Well, get up in time to take the milk to-morrow. It won't be any colder
than sitting up in bed now, and there is no use in cooling us both off."

It seemed an important though painful step to take, so it was determined
on. But, alas! the morning the milk was to be delivered, the boys both
overslept the hour. Some one else took the milk, and refused to take the
double quantity.

Dick waited until after tea to go up the street for his eggs, so as to
carry them directly to the rendezvous. As the party was to be kept a
profound secret from everybody, he thought best to put the eggs in his
pockets. He did this very carefully, knowing the frail nature of eggs as
well as any one.

But soon one of his school-mates spied him, and announced the fact by a
stinging slap on the shoulder. Of course Dick returned fire, and the
action soon became so lively that the forgotten eggs suffered
considerable damage.

"Here I am, boys!" he shouted, as he dashed into Tom Fleming's room;
"and here are the eggs."

Dick dived his hand into his pocket, and withdrew it in dismay. "I do
believe every one of the old things is broken."

The boys all gathered round, and a dish was produced to receive the
contents of Dick's pockets.

Dick regarded his possessions ruefully. It was not only the loss of the
eggs, but there was his new Russia-leather pocket-book, a present only
last Christmas. The knife and other things might be cleaned up, but the
pocket-book was ruined. The thought of what Aunt Sue would say when she
came to clean his pockets decided him to do what he could in that way
himself.

The milk was now inquired for, and, to the consternation of several of
the boys, was reported missing.

"Whew!" said Tom, "you Stanleys are getting off cheap. However, it is my
treat, so I will say nothing. Can't you make a cake without milk, Bob?"

"Yes, just as easy. You can use water, but you ought to have had your
kettle boiling."

Tom hastily emptied his bedroom pitcher into the kettle, and set it
among the blazing logs.

"Now, Bob, fire away. Let us see what kind of a baker you will make."

Bob pulled off his coat, rolled up his sleeves, and pinned a towel round
his waist. He then looked around for the flour, of which a large bowlful
had been procured.

"I guess," he said, "since so many eggs are gone, I had better not
venture on so much flour. Give me the bowl, Tom."

"Do you boil the eggs first, Bob?"

"I--guess--not. They mix up better raw;" and he began to break the eggs
into the flour.

"Don't forget the molasses," said Tom, proudly displaying a heavy jug.
"It was cheap; so I got a plenty."

"That is lucky. Cake can't be too sweet for me." And Bob stopped
breaking eggs to pour a generous stream of strong black molasses into
the bowl.

"I tell you what, boys," he added, "all our trouble would have gone for
nothing if I hadn't just happened to remember the soda at the last
minute, and bought a quarter of a pound. I think I will put it all in,
to make up for the milk, you know."

"I've got something for the cake," said John Stanley, and he produced
from his pocket a handful of raisins.

"Magnificent!" said all the boys, their mouths watering at this
unexpected addition to the feast.

"Dash them in, John. Now where is the spoon to stir with?"

"A spoon! I did not think of that," said Tom. "You ought to have given
me a list of all the things you would want, Bob."

"Well, we have got to have something to stir it with. A stick would be
better than nothing." And he began to look among the logs.

"How would the handle of my tooth-brush do?" asked Tom, resolved to go
to every length which hospitality demanded of him.

"Why don't you try your jackknife?" suggested Dick.

"Well, here goes," said Bob, and he began stirring vigorously; but it
was stiff work, and made little impression.

"There is something wrong," said Bob, standing back to view his work,
and think. "What else was I to put in? Oh! the water, of course."

Half a kettleful was put in, and the stirring now went on swimmingly,
and Bob's mind became sufficiently free from present anxiety to strike
forward into the future far enough to wonder what the cake was to be
baked in. He asked Tom.

"A skillet," returned Tom, waving that article over his head
triumphantly.

"All right."

In a few minutes the process of mixing was pronounced complete, the
batter was poured in, the skillet set upon a bed of glowing coals, and
its lid covered with another supply of them. But after the table was all
arranged, and the boys had time to look about and think, it seemed as if
they were going to have a very poor party after all. "Nothing but that
cake! And it is not a large cake either."

"Why couldn't we make molasses candy?" suggested John.

The boys gave three cheers for John. "You are the fellow, John, to think
of things."

So the kettle of boiling water was emptied back into the pitcher, and
the molasses poured into the kettle and set over the roaring fire.

"How long is it going to take that cake to bake, Bob? I am as hungry as
a bear," said Fred.

Bob cleared the coals off the skillet lid and peeped in. "It has puffed
up beautifully, boys. I guess it is about done."

"Dish up, then. We are all ready."

The cake was turned out into a large plate in the centre of the table,
and the boys seated themselves to enjoy their well-earned feast.

"What kind of a cake do you call it, Bob? It looks more like a
plum-pudding than anything else. It rounds up so, and is stuck all over
with raisins."

Bob plunged his knife in. Whew! It went in like the knife into the pie
of which Tom Thumb had eaten out the contents. The beautifully rounded
surface fell flat.

The boys were astonished.

"What makes it so hard to cut?"

"I don't know," said Bob, desperately, stopping to whet his knife on his
shoe. "There, taste it;" and he pulled off some pieces of the leathery
stuff.

"Ugh!" "Horrible!" "What stuff!" "Shoe-leather is nothing to it!" "It is
as bitter as rhubarb!" "Why, he said he knew how to make cake!" "Where
did you take your diploma?" were the exclamations that went round the
table.

Then there was silence. Bob seemed particularly moody, and the others
cast black looks at him as they pushed their chairs back from the
Barmecide feast.

At that moment a loud hissing sound was heard from the fire. The
molasses was boiling over.

Tom flew to the rescue; but too late. The kettle had tilted over on the
unstable logs, and the molasses was pouring into the flames and rolling
over the carpet like lava from a volcano. The room was filled with
flying soot, ashes, smoke, and a horrible smell of burned molasses. The
boys stood looking on in helpless consternation.

"Hi--yi!" screamed Dick, suddenly leaping upon a chair.

"What is the matter?" asked the frightened boys in chorus.

"My feet are burned with that boiling hot molasses."

Sure enough. A stream of molasses had found its way to Dick's shoeless
feet.

"Open the windows, and let out this horrid smoke," cried Tom.

It was soon done, and the cold air came rushing in. The smoke began to
clear; but a terrific roaring was heard in the chimney.

"Boys, I do believe the chimney is on fire," said Fred, in a hoarse
whisper.

It was too true. The boys ran wildly about the room, picking up chairs
and anything they could lay hold of to put the fire out with, and then
discarding them as useless.

Just then the door opened, and Edward Fleming, the eldest of the ten,
said, sternly, "Boys, what does all this mean?"

There was no need of answer. He comprehended the case at once. "Shut the
door and windows," he cried. Then seizing a loose piece of carpet from
the floor, he threw it upon the flames, and the danger was over in a
moment.

The boys expected a first-class scolding after this, but they were
agreeably surprised. Edward solemnly told the Stanleys that their aunt
Sue had sent for them, and the boys slunk away to bed. But they spent
all their play-time for the next week in cleaning up Tom's room and
their own clothes, and in getting things to rights again.

"I never knew before how much trouble it is to make cake," said Bob. "It
must be pretty hard on Aunt Sue and the girls to bake so much for us."

"Yes," said Dick, "and we are getting too big, anyhow, to care for such
things."

And it was remarked in the family that the boys' old attachment to cake
waned about the time of the private tea party in Tom Fleming's room.




[Illustration: ASTRONOMICAL ACROSTIC PUZZLE.]


Here is a puzzle that will interest the boys and girls that are far
enough advanced to know something of astronomy. The wee tots will not be
able to make much out of it, for the stars and the astronomers seem to
have been given hard names from the time of Tycho Brahe down to Sir John
Herschel. There will be a large number of bright minds among the readers
of YOUNG PEOPLE, however, whose exploits on examination days will make
it an easy matter for them to transpose the "pi" into the right word
every time. "Pi," it may be stated for the benefit of those who are not
familiar with the term, is the name that printers give to type that
somebody has knocked into complete disorder after it was all nicely set
up and ready for printing.

To begin with, we have a little story in verse, containing twenty-two
names. The stars in each line must be replaced by appropriate letters.
When these letters are mixed together they will form the "pi." Then by
transposing them we obtain the required name of planet, astronomer, or
cluster. No other letters can be used. Each verse has but one large
initial, every line of a verse beginning with the same letter. The small
stars around the acrostic initials have no bearing on the puzzle
whatever.

PROLOGUE.

First line, a planet; second line, two planets; third line, a term used
in connection with the moon; fourth line, another term used in
connection with the movements of the moon.

FIRST VERSE.

First line, a term used in speaking of an eclipse; second, third, and
fourth lines combined, three planets, and the name of a foreign
astronomer.

SECOND VERSE.

First line, a part of the moon; second line, a form of eclipse; third
and fourth lines combined, a man who made a discovery of great value to
astronomers, and secondly, a foreign astronomer.

THIRD VERSE.

First line, a cluster of stars; second line, an English discoverer of a
satellite; third and fourth lines combined, a term applied to uncertain
stars, a titled astronomer, and a planet.

FOURTH VERSE.

First line, the birth-place of a great astronomer; second and third
lines combined, an astronomical phenomena; fourth line, a cluster of
stars.




[Illustration: SCHOOL IS OUT!]




BITS OF ADVICE.

BY AUNT MARJORIE PRECEPT.

PICNICS.


The first thing necessary to a successful picnic is a plan. You must
know who are to compose the party, where you intend to go, and what you
can do to amuse yourselves when you get there. Then, too, you must have
what in armies is called a commissary department, which shall see about
the provisions. A picnic without a dinner would be very dull.

Two or three days before the event, the boys and girls who wish to spend
some long bright summer hours together in the woods or park should ask
their parents' advice about a good place.

A place to be good should be safe, beautiful, and not too far from home.
If not within walking distance, it is well to know whether it can be
easily reached by boat or cars, or by stage or carriage. You should find
out beforehand precisely how much it will cost to convey the party to
the spot. Then select a treasurer, who shall pay all expenses, buy
tickets, and take charge of the funds. The treasurer must keep an exact
account of everything he or she may spend, putting it down in writing,
that a report may be given at the proper time.

Your fathers or teachers will usually be able to warn you against
dangerous places, or those which are too public to be pleasant for a
little picnic party.

As a rule, you should not admit strangers or acquaintances picked up on
the way to share your frolic. It is always best to keep the party
strictly to its original numbers.

There are two ways of providing the luncheon. One is to decide in
advance what each shall bring as his or her contribution, so that there
may not be too large a quantity of one article, and too little of
another. John may be told to bring lemons, Janie may furnish pound-cake,
Alice biscuits and butter, Louis sugar, and Mabel sandwiches. Or each of
the company may provide a nice basket of food, and when the time comes
for the meal everything may be shared, and the table spread for the
general feast. I think I like the latter way quite as well as the
former.

Hard-boiled eggs, potted meats, thin slices of ham or tongue, cold
chicken, and plenty of good bread and sweet butter, are among the
must-haves. Picnic appetites are famous, and you need plenty of the
"substantial." Jelly in little glasses, fruit, cake, and, if mother says
so, a few of her delicious pickles or an apple-pie do not prove as
indigestible when eaten out-doors as they do under other circumstances.

Do not forget the salt. Nor the pepper. Bottles of milk wrapped in
cabbage leaves or set into a pan of ice for coolness are not to be
overlooked.

Be sure there is a spring near your picnic ground, or an old well on
some kind man's farm. If it have a long sweep and a deep moss-grown
bucket, so much the better.

Do not trespass on anybody's private grounds. Always send a committee to
the house to ask permission to help yourselves to water from the well,
or to pass through fields and lanes not open to the public.

The girls must remember that so far as possible all picnic preparations
should be made the day before. It is not well to leave cooking for the
morning of the day when you are to go.

The boys, too, should have their fishing-tackle in readiness overnight.
If swings are to be put up, a man should be engaged to see about them,
or at least the oldest and most trustworthy boys of the party should see
that the ropes are firm, and the tree branches stout. Nothing is more
terrible in its consequences than a fall from a swing.

Always leave the grounds in time to reach home before dark. Take wraps
for the cool of the day.

Be polite, unselfish, and very good-natured and kind.

I hope your picnic parties may be very delightful, and that nobody may
do as I once did on such an occasion.

Five of us, Henry, Belle, Jennie, Nellie, and I, went to spend the day
at a lovely spot a little way from the city. As the eldest of the
number, the luncheon basket was committed to my care. I kept it by me,
and with a charming book sat and read until the little steamboat stopped
at its landing. Then we all rushed off, and the boat puffed away up the
river. Presently said one of the group:

"Why, Marjorie Precept, what have you done with the basket?"

Sure enough! I had left it on the boat.

There is no use of trying to tell you what the rest of the party said to
me. Imagine for yourselves five hungry boys and girls, with the
appetites that are gained by a sail on a steamboat, defrauded of the
delicious luncheon prepared for them by my carelessness.

We did not get that basket again for three days. Well, what I suffered
has been a good lesson to me. Nowadays I know how to go picnicking, as I
hope you will agree from the directions I have tried to give.




[Illustration: POST-OFFICE BOX.]


  Robins in the tree-top,
    Blossoms in the grass,
  Green things a-growing
    Everywhere you pass;
  Sudden little breezes,
    Showers of silver dew,
  Black bough and bent twig
    Budding out anew.
  Pine-tree and willow-tree,
    Fringed elm and larch--
  Don't you think that May-time's
   Pleasanter than March?

       *       *       *       *       *

  SOUTH NORWALK, CONNECTICUT.

     I want to tell you how to make a little winter garden next fall.
     Fill a small box with earth, and in it plant ferns and mosses, put
     a small looking-glass in it for a lake, get your brother to make a
     glass frame to fit over the top, and you will have a lovely garden
     when the ground is covered with snow.

     These warm sunny days make me think the wild flowers will soon be
     here. First the violets, blue and white, sweet-scented--the fields
     back of the school-house will be covered with them; then
     adder's-tongue, dandelions, anemones, and many others, with the
     bees humming among them. You ought to see what nice salads we make
     of the leaves of adder's-tongue and dandelions. How often I wish
     that I could send flowers to the sick children in the hospitals, if
     the express would only carry them free on the railroad!

     Dear YOUNG PEOPLE, I have a brook near my school-house; it widens
     and narrows, and makes a great noise. By-and-by it will be full of
     tadpoles, or young frogs, and the apple-trees near it loaded with
     blossoms. I am glad I live in the country. It is all very well for
     you city people to have nice parks and picture-galleries; but I
     have the nicest pictures, a different one each way I look.

  JESSIE B.

       *       *       *       *       *

  LOWELL, MASSACHUSETTS.

     I am a boy eight years old. When I was up at Greenville, N. H., I
     was out in the meadow, and they were cutting the grass, and I had
     lots of rides on the team. The man that was mowing told me that
     there were some moles under a tree on a large rock, and I went and
     looked under every tree in the field, and I asked him again, and he
     went with me, and they were all around in the grass, and the man
     had to pick them out of the grass, and they were no bigger than my
     thumb. I put them in a little pail, and I filled the pail with soft
     thistle blows, and I kept the moles three days, and then I put them
     under a stone wall, and the next day my father and I took a walk,
     and I asked him to come and see if they were under it, and so we
     went down, and the bed that I fixed for them was all torn to
     pieces, and I suppose the mother did it.

  RALPH P.

       *       *       *       *       *

  HARRISBURG, PENNSYLVANIA.

     Perhaps some of the little girls who read the YOUNG PEOPLE would
     like to know something about a Cooking Club which seven little
     Harrisburg girls had last winter.

     Two weeks before Christmas we met, and decided that we would have a
     lunch every two weeks, on Saturday afternoon, at the house of each
     in turn. Every girl was to bring some dish which she herself had
     cooked at home. Of course a great many of the dishes had to be
     superintended by the mammas or cooks.

     The President always sat at the head of the table, and carved the
     meat, while two of the girls waited on the table. We wore large
     white aprons and muslin kerchiefs, and made our badges of red
     ribbon, with "R. S. C.," the initials of the club, worked on it.

     We had seven lunches, but now that the pleasant spring weather has
     come, we have given up the club until next year.

     I have taken YOUNG PEOPLE since it began, and I read it always with
     great pleasure. I think "Talking Leaves" was splendid, and I wish
     Mr. Stoddard would write some more stories.

  EMMA D. B.

Your little club not only gave you some happy hours, but I am sure you
learned useful lessons while playing at cooking. If you resume the
meetings next winter, you must write and tell us some of your bills of
fare.

       *       *       *       *       *

  UTICA, NEW YORK.

     We take HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, and read the stories in it every
     week. We are much interested in "Mr. Stubbs's Brother." We like the
     letters very much, and like to read about every one's pets. I will
     tell you about a cat I once had; his name was Nimpo Ganges. He was
     a very large gray and white cat. One day my sister had a little
     kitten given to her. At the sight of a strange kitten Nimpo was
     very indignant, and left his comfortable home here for another! One
     day I went to see my aunt, who lives a few doors above us, and she
     told me of such a beautiful cat that had come to live with her. On
     seeing it, imagine my surprise to find it Nimpo Ganges! He never
     came home again to live, for after calling on us two or three
     times, and finding the kitten still here, he went to live with
     auntie. He is a great pet with every one up there except the
     neighboring cats and dogs.

  LAURA J.

A very remarkable cat. He would not share his home with a stranger. Cats
are said to be very strongly attached to places, and less fond of people
than dogs are, but Sir Nimpo had a mind of his own, and chose his home
for himself, did he not?

       *       *       *       *       *

  BOWLING GREEN, OHIO.

     In a recent number of HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE there was an article on
     "Marbles," and this week I am going to write about them. Almost
     every boy knows how to play marbles by making a trench about an
     inch deep and a foot long. The distance for the marble to roll
     should be nine or ten feet. As many boys as choose to can play at
     this game, and the one whose marble goes in the trench, or the
     nearest to it, takes the others' marbles. If there is a tie, of
     course they have to begin over again.

     Span is another very interesting game. Only two can play this. The
     one who plays first throws his marble against something, like a
     wall, so that it bounds back again; then the other boy follows him,
     and if the marble falls near enough to the first one to span the
     difference, or distance between the two, both marbles are his; if
     he can not span the distance, each boy keeps his own marble, and
     they reverse the order in which they played before.

     I am a little boy ten years old, and have taken YOUNG PEOPLE almost
     two years. I liked "Toby Tyler" very much, also almost all of the
     other stories, but I think Jimmy Brown's letters are best of all;
     it seems to me every boy must sympathize with him.

  EDDY F.

I wish I could persuade Eddy and all the other boys to return whatever
marbles they may win as soon as their games are finished. Then nobody's
feelings will be hurt.

       *       *       *       *       *

  BRUNSWICK, MISSISSIPPI.

     We have only three pets, a dog named Cricket, a cat named Maxie,
     and a pigeon; I have not named the latter yet, for I want to ask
     some of the readers of this paper to please tell me some pretty
     name.

     I want to tell you about the high water in the Mississippi Valley.
     It was not quite over our gallery, and it is nearly all gone out of
     our yard now. I felt so sorry for the poor people who were
     suffering so in the raging billows of our beautiful river. We have
     all been so thankful to God for saving us from a watery grave.
     There has been but one life lost here, and that was that of a man
     in a tricky dug-out. We have several boats, or dug-outs. I will
     tell you the names of them--the _Arkansas Toothpick_, the _Box-toed
     Slipper_, and the _Bob Lee_. We have a flat, but we do not think it
     requires a name. I can paddle a dug-out. The boys get many a
     "ducking."

  MAGGIE LELA H.

       *       *       *       *       *

  BEECH ISLAND, SOUTH CAROLINA.

     I am a little boy eight years old. I do not go to school, but I am
     taught at home. I can read, spell, and cipher very nicely. My mamma
     and nurse read YOUNG PEOPLE to me. When nurse read Georgie B.'s
     letter to me, in the Easter number, I could not keep still. I was
     thinking of him scrambling through Coral Cave. He must write again.
     Mamma is going to have all the numbers bound at the end of the
     year. I have three sisters and two brothers, and a father and
     mother, who love to read your paper. I have no pets. I have two
     vegetable gardens, one here and one at the plantation, eight miles
     off, and they keep me busy. Nurse is writing this for me. I love
     the poetry in YOUNG PEOPLE, and want to hear it all read. My sister
     reads it for herself, and soon I expect to do so too.

  EDWARD E.

       *       *       *       *       *

  KILLEGNEY PARSONAGE, ENNISCORTHY, IRELAND.

     I like the paper very much. Our dog Quiz has three pups; we are
     going to give them away. My pony is being trained; it will soon be
     tame enough to ride. We are busy at our gardens. I put some
     primroses in mine yesterday. I am to get a larger garden soon. I
     like "Talking Leaves." Pappy reads it out to mother and us. Uncle
     William sends it to me, and _St. Nicholas_ to Godfrey; he is my
     brother. I have three sisters--May, Ida, and Ella.

  IVAN M.

       *       *       *       *       *

  WARRENTON, VIRGINIA.

     There are a good many mocking-birds that sing around our house, and
     imitate all kinds of sounds. One time we thought one of our dogs
     had taken our play reins, and was shaking them about, making the
     bells ring. Another time we thought we heard a little chicken
     peeping, so I ran all over the yard looking for it, until I saw the
     mocking-bird up in a tree, and he was making the sound, and I
     believe he did it just for fun, to see me hunt for the little
     chick. I give names to all our little chickens. I named one
     Harper's because it was weakly; but it has grown strong now, and I
     hope next year it will have some little chicks of its own, and then
     we will call them Harper's Young People. I wish Mrs. California
     would tell some more about Carlie; he must be so cute.

  MARGIE.

       *       *       *       *       *

  WASHINGTON, D. C.

     I have four little brothers, named John, Billy, Harry, and Tom.

     We have a dog which is very smart. He will turn a somersault
     backward, and stand on his head. We also have a little donkey three
     feet high, which we ride; but she will not let anybody else ride
     her, as she will stand up on her behind legs and jump, _really_. We
     have a pigeon that will eat meat and sweet-potatoes, and can sing.
     Don't you think that is queer?

     I am seven years old, and I wrote this all by my own self. Please
     put it in the letter-box.

     Your loving little reader,

  HIC H. T.

You write so plainly and make such beautiful capital letters that you
deserve ten good marks, dear.

       *       *       *       *       *

    Hammer away,
    Blithe and gay.
  Work whilst you work,
    Play whilst you play:
  And the rust must be moved
    And the shield kept bright,
  For the battle of life which we
    All have to fight.

       *       *       *       *       *

  LOCKPORT, NEW YORK.

     I have never seen any letters from this city, so I thought that I
     would write to you. I like the stories very much, especially "The
     Little Dolls' Dressmaker." Last evening we tried the game of
     Anagrams, and found it very amusing. My pet is a great big
     Newfoundland shepherd dog, and his name is Rob Roy. One day some
     one rang the front-door bell, and on going to the door we found it
     to be Rob. He does it quite often now. I am almost thirteen years
     of age. I send a puzzle to you. Good-by.

  ADA M. F.

The puzzle is a clever one, and will duly appear. Thank you.

       *       *       *       *       *

  NORTH ADAMS, MASSACHUSETTS.

     I live in a small town two miles from North Adams; it is a nice
     place to live. The north branch of the Hoosac River runs behind my
     house, and in summer we fish there, and it is fine fun to catch
     trout and suckers. My father and uncle run a woollen mill, and
     sometimes I go down to the mill and pack the goods in boxes to be
     sent off. My sister Amy and I ride to school every morning, and
     home again every night. We have a nice place to slide in winter,
     but not a very nice place to skate. I go down on the south branch
     of the Hoosac, where all the boys of North Adams go.

  KELLER B.

The next time you catch a splendid big trout, you must send the
Postmistress word. I am glad you work as well as play.

       *       *       *       *       *

  REYNOLDSVILLE, PENNSYLVANIA.

     I am a little girl nine years old. I have two sisters--Bessie the
     oldest, Tirzah the youngest. We used to live in Philadelphia, but
     we came to Reynoldsville last summer. We had no pets in the city,
     but we have a good many here. Bessie has a canary, Tirzah a cat,
     and I have a dog. I had a dove, but it flew away. There was a
     beautiful Maltese cat here when we came, and she has a darling
     little kitten. My papa is superintendent of a saw-mill, and he
     often takes us to the mill. We have ten horses, which we ride from
     the watering-trough to the stable almost every evening. A swing is
     put up for us in the barn. The other day we went to the woods for
     wild flowers, and we found violets, anemones, wild phlox, and a
     flower that looked just like mamma's dyletra, only it was white.

  M. LOUISE N.

I think the three little sisters have a merry life. I hope they will
study botany, and learn to what classes of plants the beautiful wild
flowers they gather belong.

       *       *       *       *       *

  OSWEGO, NEW YORK.

     I live in Oswego, which is on Lake Ontario, and in summer I go
     fishing on the Oswego River, and catch lots of fish. My papa has a
     yacht and row-boats, and is teaching me to row. I have a stamp
     album with over two thousand stamps. Last summer I went to the
     Thousand Islands, and had a lovely time. We reached Cape Vincent
     about six o'clock; there took a steamer to Alexandria Bay. The
     islands were beautifully illuminated. I went to the Indian camp,
     and saw them make canoes and baskets. I have two canary-birds, and
     a dog named Fritz. I have a large garden, with all kinds of
     flowers. I liked "Toby Tyler" and "Tim and Tip," and am glad Mr.
     Otis is going to write another story. I have been to New York
     twice, and like to ride on the elevated railroad.

  L. W. M.

I do not wonder you enjoy riding on the elevated railroad. Sometimes, as
I sit in one of the cars, and am whisked along so fast past the windows
and over the roofs, I think of the old fairy stories. The enchanted
carpet used to transport its owner from place to place in a moment; and
these railroads, so high in the air, are very much like enchanted
carpets in their effect; only the power which moves them is steam, and
we might never have known the wonderful things steam can do if a
bright-eyed boy named James Watt had not long ago sat and watched the
spout of his mother's tea-kettle.

       *       *       *       *       *

  SOUTH SCITGATE, RHODE ISLAND.

     I am a little girl nine years old. I live with my grandpa and
     grandma in the country. They are over seventy years old. I try and
     help grandma about the house. My papa and mamma live in Providence,
     which is thirteen miles from here. My papa is a photographer. I had
     a great many pretty things Christmas, but I think the most of my
     doll. Her name is Flossie. She has very light hair, and her eyes
     will shut. She is dressed in baby clothes, like a real live baby. I
     have six other dolls, but they are old ones. I had a canary-bird
     named Topsy, but the cat killed it one day. I put it in a box, and
     buried it in the yard. I have a stone at the head of the grave, and
     I keep it decorated with flowers.

     Mamma has come out to see me, and is writing this letter for me. I
     can write some, but I live a mile from school, and only go in the
     summer. I have no brothers or sisters, so I have to get along with
     pets. I have two bantam hens; they lay little eggs, and I eat them
     all. Grandpa has a large farm, and we have hens, geese, cows, and a
     horse named Dan. I have been out to-day, and got a large bunch of
     trailing arbutus for mamma to take to the city with her. Mamma has
     sent me HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE over a year. I think "Toby Tyler,"
     "Tim and Tip," and "Cruise of the 'Ghost'" are splendid, but the
     letters in Our Post-office Box from the little boys and girls I do
     love so much! I don't see many from Rhode Island, and I do hope our
     dear Postmistress will publish mine. I hope it is not too long.
     Good-by.

  EVA T. P.

How glad I am that the dear old people have a bright little
granddaughter to live with them, and be their sunbeam!

       *       *       *       *       *

  ROCHELLE, ILLINOIS.

     I am a little girl ten years old. I have a piano, and I take music
     lessons. I like "Mr. Stubbs's Brother." I always read the
     Post-office Box, and enjoy it. I have a large box full of
     advertising cards. I see that some of the children tell about their
     pets, so I will tell you about my cat. I keep his catnip in the
     table drawer, and when he wants it he goes on top of the table and
     smells in the drawer, so some one opens it for him, and he gets in,
     takes the catnip in his paws, jumps out, and goes over on the
     lounge and eats it.

     I hope you will publish this, because I wrote one before, and it
     was not published. I have been in the grove, and I found some
     bloodroots and other flowers.

  GRACE G.

What a sensible cat! Do you take medicine as willingly as he does? But
then a little girl who goes to the grove and gathers wild flowers, and
lives out-doors in the fresh air as much as she can, does not often need
catnip or any other herb.

       *       *       *       *       *

     I am a little girl eleven years old. I live in the city of Buffalo,
     which is on Lake Erie. There is a fort near the lake, and sometimes
     in summer I go out there and to the parks with some of my
     playmates, and have a nice time. There is a large hill at the fort
     too, and I think it is fun to run down it. I go to school, and am
     in the Third Reader, and study intellectual and practical
     arithmetic, spelling, geography, language lessons, and German. Can
     the editor speak German? If he can, and will write me a letter, I
     will answer it. My grandma sends me HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, and I
     think it is a very nice paper for children, and my mamma and papa
     think so too. For pets we have a dog, a cat, and three little
     kittens, which are now trying to get out of the basket and run
     around. I am collecting picture cards, and have over nine hundred.
     If any little boy or girl would like to exchange with me, please
     address,

  HELEN M. SISSON,
  183 Maryland St., Buffalo, N. Y.

Helen has so much more time than the editor of YOUNG PEOPLE, that the
better way will be for her to send her German letter, and let us see how
well she can write in that language, which we are very glad she is
studying. What a number of lessons our little nine, ten, and eleven year
old friends have to learn, to be sure! And the queerest thing about it,
dears, is that, no matter how old we may grow, we shall still have
lessons to learn, and some of them harder than those you find in your
Third Readers and language lessons.

       *       *       *       *       *

AWAY FROM HOME.--Children, how would you like to have been passengers on
the British steamer _Glamorgan_, which arrived in Boston Harbor on the
morning of the 1st of May? She reported that on April 25, latitude 46 deg.
20', longitude 42 deg. 30', she passed an iceberg fully five hundred feet
high. On the iceberg were a number of polar bears. Now please take your
maps, and trace the route by which these travellers must have come from
the arctic seas to reach the part of the Atlantic where the
_Glamorgan_'s passengers saw them. Where is latitude 46 deg. 20', and
longitude 42 deg. 30'? Whose little finger will point to it first? But the
GLAMORGAN's adventures were not ended. On April 26 she ran into a field
of ice, and steaming along its southern edge, she passed one hundred
large icebergs, on which were polar bears and seals, taking their ease
quite comfortably. I wonder what the polar bears thought of the strange
world into which they were drifting southward, poor things?

       *       *       *       *       *

C. Y. P. R. U.

OUR LITTLE POETS' CORNER.--We group together several bits of verse
received from little poets. The first is written by a dear child who has
only seen eight summers:

SUMMER.

  Summer is near, O summer is near;
  Winter leaves with a good-by cheer;
          The grasses sprout,
          And the trees bloom out--
  Summer is near, O summer is near.

  The birdies do sing, O the birdies do sing!
  And so loud the merry bells ring!
          For summer brings
          Such beautiful things;
  Summer is near, O summer is near!

  DAISY SEVERANCE, Middlebury, Vt.

The author of "Thistle-Down" is only eleven, and her little poem is very
sweet too:

THISTLE-DOWN.

  Over the fields of waving corn,
    Over the hill-tops brown.
  Sailing along in fairy grace,
    Floateth the thistle-down.

  Flying past the meadows bare,
    Catching on grasses brown,
  Like airy films from cobwebs torn,
    Floateth the thistle-down.

  Drifting past the old oak-tree,
    Drifting past the town;
  Further than any eye can see,
    Floateth the thistle-down.

  On the blue of the sky afloat,
    A dainty craft is this seedling brown,
  Manned by the loveliest fairy crew,
    Guiding the thistle-down.

  Fairy forms in sunbeams dressed,
    With rainbow hues caught down.
  Sailing away in their elfin glee.
    They guide the thistle-down.

  ELIZABETH MORTON BOYCE, Chicago, Ill.

Dora, whose rhyme about the streamlet is quite merry and musical, is
also eleven:

THE STREAMLET.

  How lovely is the little stream
    That babbles on and on
  Through many a field and woodland too
    This little stream has gone.

  There by the stream the sun looks down,
    And the many sunbeams play,
  Oh, happy are the breezy woods
    On that sweet summer day!

  And just before it joins the lake--
    Nor does it miss it ever--
  This little stream another meets,
    And they go on together.

  In its mossy bed the streamlet
    Glides on through valleys low,
  In sweet contentment flowing
    Where the lovely flowers blow.

  The glowing sun fades out of sight,
    The moon and stars appear,
  All is silent now, and quiet,
    For the shades of night are near.

  But the stream is onward gliding,
    Never does it pause to rest,
  Gliding onward, onward swiftly,
    To seek the lake's deep breast.

  DORA CUMMING, Newport, Ky.

       *       *       *       *       *

Who would like to perform this amusing trick, which is called Water
Bewitched?

Take an ordinary dinner plate, and fill it with water; then produce a
small empty phial, and assure the company that you are wizard enough to
pour water through the solid bottom. Having declared that the phial must
be _perfectly_ dry when the experiment is performed (if you are asked
why, you may say to open the pores of the glass), thrust a stick into
it, and hold it to the fire until it is very hot--too hot to hold. Then
stand it, without delay, mouth downward in the plate of water. Then pour
a tea-spoonful of water on the bottom of the phial, as if you meant to
fill it that way, and every time you do this the phial will become more
and more filled with water; and as this apparently takes place every
time you pour water on the bottom, it will have every appearance of
having passed through the solid glass. Of course the water really rises
from the plate by what is called capillary attraction.

       *       *       *       *       *

We would call the attention of the C. Y. P. R. U. this week to "Some
Diamond Stories," and to the account of Commander De Long and his
terrible death among the ice-fields of the North, as told by Sherwood
Ryse under the title of "The Victims of the Arctic Seas." Then Aunt
Marjorie Precept has some wise advice to give about "Picnics."

       *       *       *       *       *

PUZZLES FROM YOUNG CONTRIBUTORS.

No. 1.

CONUNDRUMS.

  1. Why is the letter J like the end of spring?
  2. What is the most useful letter to a deaf old lady?
  3. When may a chair be said to dislike you?
  4. When is a window like a star?
  5. Why is corn like a rose-bush?
  6. Why is an egg like a colt?

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 2.

CHARADE.

  When sharp and blustering is my first,
    And all are under cover,
  Before the cheerful fireside sit
    My second and her lover.

  EMPIRE CITY.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 3.

FOUR DIAMONDS.

1.--1. A letter. 2. Fiery. 3. Virtuous. 4. To brown. 5. A letter.

2.--1. A letter. 2. Evening. 3. A happening. 4. Conclusion. 5. A letter.

3.--1. In pitch. 2. An adverb. 3. Ability. 4. A number. 5. In run.

  XYZ.

4.--1. In salt. 2. To rise above. 3. Strength-giving. 4. A hollow. 5. In
custard.

  HELEN S. H.

       *       *       *       *       *

No. 4.

TWO WORD SQUARES.

1.--1. An arrow. 2. To respect. 3. A part of the body. 4. Sheep-pens. 5.
A ringlet.

  EMPIRE CITY.

2.--1. A bird. 2. A bird. 3. To turn from. 4. Part of the body. 5. To
come in.

  HELEN S. H.

       *       *       *       *       *

ANSWERS TO PUZZLES IN No. 131.

No. 1.

  L U X E M B U R G
    S I B E R I A
      S A L E M
        O B I
          O
        B U G
      F A R O E
    R O A N O K E
  T E N N E S S E E

    U C A I A R Y
      M O C H A
        L E E
          L
        T A Y
      C O N G O
    C O R D O V A

No. 2.

Boston. Rhododendron. Nightingale.

No. 3.

      C           M
    A R T       M A Y
  C R E A M   M A Y O R
    T A R       Y O U
      M           R

       *       *       *       *       *

Correct answers to puzzles have been received from Annie J. Thomas,
"Columbia," "American," Helen S. Herzig, Walter Morell, W. C., Frank
Smith, Rogers Campe, Elsie O., Lulu Beck, Emily Dean, Maggie Walker,
Florence Meserole, Jennie Strong, Claude Ramsay, McVey Grove, Kitty and
Josie, E. H. D., Charles Morrison, Nelson Metcalf, Bessie T.,
"Lodestar," George P. Taggart, Florence H. Chambers, Florence, Mabel,
and Annie, B. J. Lautz, Florence Cox, Willie Jones, Mary H. Hobart,
William A. Lewis, and Edgar Seeman.

       *       *       *       *       *

[_For Exchanges, see 2d and 3d pages of cover._]




[Illustration: THE PLAYMATES.]




CHARACTERS; OR, WHO AM I?


Somebody once said, "There is no royal road to knowledge." We will admit
the fact as a general proposition, but now and then affairs can be so
arranged that a bit of information can be fixed in the mind, and a fair
amount of fun be had through the same means.

The following game is admirably adapted to a party of school-fellows who
have been reading and studying from the same books. It could be made to
answer all the purposes of the review of certain branches, and it is not
at all impossible that teachers of good judgment could be found who
would approve of giving a little time to it during school-hours.

One of the party is sent out of the room; some well-known hero, or
equally well-known character from a book, like Dickens's novels or
Shakspeare's plays, is selected, and when the absentee returns to the
assembly, he or she is greeted as the person fixed upon, and he must
reply in such a manner as to bring out more information as to the
character he has unconsciously assumed.

Suppose the game has commenced, and when the player enters the room he
is thus accosted:

"Your military ardor must have been very great, and you had a very
adventurous spirit, when you left your home in England, and set out with
a determination of fighting the Turks."

"Yes, I was always very fond of adventures."

"Well, you had plenty of them; and when you were taken prisoner, and
sold to the Bashaw, your mistress, to whom he presented you, felt so
much sympathy and affection for you that you were sent to her brother,
but he not being so well pleased with you, treated you cruelly."

"He did; and although I suffered much from his treatment, I suffered
more in the idea of being a slave."

"The thought must have been terrible to you," remarks another of the
players, "or you would not have killed your master, hid his body,
clothed yourself in his attire, mounted his horse, and galloped to the
desert, where you wandered about for many days, until at last you
reached the Russian garrison, where you were safe."

"And well pleased was I to reach there in safety; but was I then content
with my travels?"

"For a while; but the spirit of enterprise, so great within you, caused
you to set sail for the English colony of Virginia, when you were taken
a prisoner again, this time by the Indians, and your head placed upon a
large stone, in order to have your brains beaten out with clubs."

"What a dreadful situation I was in, with only enemies around me!"

"But there was one who proved a friend. A young and beautiful princess,
finding that her entreaties for your life were useless, rushed forward,
laid her head upon yours, and thus resolved to share your fate or save
your life."

"I am deeply grateful to Pocahontas for her noble act, and I am also
glad to find myself so renowned a person as Captain John Smith."

       *       *       *       *       *

ENIGMA.

  My first is black, or brown, or white;
  Of mechanism exquisite;
  Our earliest help, our latest need;
  The first to greet, the last to speed;
  Our constant help in daily tasks;
  The gift th' impatient lover asks;
  The forger's bane; the poor man's good,
  Procuring him his children's food.

  My next is often seen in fur,
  Yet oft as light as gossamer;
  Sometimes the school-boy gets his share,
  And lamentation fills the air.
  My whole are polished, hard, and strong,
  To hardened natures they belong;
  And when my first my next bestows,
  'Tis time my whole should interpose.




HOUSE-HUNTING.


[Illustration: "Not a handsome residence, but suited to our means. I
hope the children will like it."]

[Illustration: SHE. "It is so much out of repair, Robin, that I think we
had better _build ourselves_."]





End of Project Gutenberg's Harper's Young People, May 23, 1882, by Various

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK HARPER'S YOUNG PEOPLE, MAY ***

***** This file should be named 57887.txt or 57887.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/5/7/8/8/57887/

Produced by Annie R. McGuire

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

